Auto generate dummy data (#884)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/share_dataset.rst

	- Make sure you have created the file 'dummy_data.zip' in './datasets/my-dataset/dummy/1.1.0' 
	===================================================================================

> There is a tool that automatically generates dummy data for you but it only works with some types of data files such as txt, csv, tsv, jsonl, json and xml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a tool that automatically generates dummy data for you. At the moment it supports data files in the following format: txt, csv, tsv, jsonl, json, xml.

If your data files are in another format you will have to generate dummy data yourself by creating small data files with only a few examples from the full data files.

```
